Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Sup!
Hey. Morimo!
-Morning.
-Sup!
-Hey. Mini! Sup!
-What're you doing?
Goofing off.
Tani-kun! Morning!
Morning!
That's so creepy.
No one asked you!
Move or I'll crush
those hair buns of yours!
Stop it!
If you two don't hurry up. you'll be late!
I'm going!
Morning. Suzuki.
Oh. Azuma! Morning.
You and Taira came together?
We did not!
Morning. Nabesato!
-Morning.
-Good morning!
Hey there. Yamada!
Hey!
Oh! T… Tani-kun! Good morning!
Good morning.
Suzuki. you're so loud!
Proper greetings will save the world!
Hey. my eyelashes look good today. right?
I can't tell.
Why not just use false eyelashes?
I could. but I prefer my real eyelashes.
And the mascara comes off
if you sweat. cry. or rub it.
So. I just end up wondering
which brand I should try…
and stuff like that.
Tani-kun. what do you think?
I wouldn't know anything
about it. would I?
Tani-kun! You're as icy as always today!
Why do you get such a kick
out of pestering Tani-kun
about things he obviously
has no interest in.
Exactly.
I love the way he shuts me down.
I can't help myself.
If you ever need help
picking mascara. I'll help!
No need.
Shut down again!
He's ruthless.
Stop bothering Tani-kun.
Tani-kun. I'm so sorry. Truly.
To be honest…
I'm desperately in love with you!
Did you finish your English homework?
I only did the parts
I thought I might get right.
Do the whole thing.
Sitting in the seat next
to mine is Tani-kun.
He seems like a quiet guy
with glasses to everyone else.
but Tani-kun speaks his mind clearly.
THWACK
The teacher will probably flag this part.
so it needs to be redone.
Huh? Why? Good enough
is good enough. right?
And he has the same attitude
no matter who he's with.
HE'S NOT PUSHY. THOUGH
Do you have your assignment?
FWIP…
HE DOESN'T GROVEL. EITHER
Assignment?
Thanks for collecting them.
Thanks.
Like the last time we changed seats…
FRONT
BACK
Okay. Change seats.
A MIRACLE
I'm right next to him!
This is crazy. What do I do?!
I hope you'll treat me well. neighbor!
TENSE… SMILE…
Likewise.
The thing about being in the front row…
The blackboard can be harder to read
that you'd expect.
I'll read anything
you can't make out. 'kay?
I think I'll be fine.
Okay. then!
Tani-kun doesn't adjust his behavior
without good reason.
I just really… really admire that!
Suzuki. which one do you like?
Sorry. I wasn't listening!
B… But. I mean…
I think that a person
would rev up the crowd better
than an audio recording.
Right. Tani-kun?
I have no idea.
Tani-kun. if she's bothering you.
just say so.
It's fine.
See? He says it's fine!
Whew! What a relief!
Tani-kun. I'm sorry! I love you. and yet…
I want to talk to you normally. and yet…
I'm always worrying about
how others see me.
so I can't talk in a way
that reveals that I like you!
I admire Tani-kun so much. but…
you and I are polar opposites!
Right! After school.
let's all go to KingBurg!
Hey. Suzuki! You'll come too. right?
I have to do my homework.
EXCITED
I'm totally going!
Yay!
Suzuki. will you let me
copy your homework?
Again?
Please save me!
Oh. fine. You're hopeless!
Thank you!
Oh. Suzuki! Your story yesterday
made me laugh!
Suzuki-san. do you mind
if I follow your account too?
I didn't post anything weird. did I?
Sure! Please do!
But. you know…
Tani's really smart. right?
Are you talking about
the group work today?
Now that you mention it.
I saw him heading to cram school.
Is he headed for UTokyo?
I don't know about that.
He's really amazing. isn't he?
He lives in a different world
from the rest of us.
Don't lump me in with you.
Suzuki's the closest to Tani-kun
in our group. right?
What? You think so?
That's gross!
Are you okay?
I'm just at an age when stuff
catches in my throat easily.
You're too young for that.
Oh! SudaKen won Most Beloved Actor
for a second time!
Girls really like
the mischievous types. huh?
Whoa. SudaKen's the only one
who's boyfriend material.
There it is! Suzuki's
stanning SudaKen again.
Some say reading the room
is for other people's sakes…
but it isn't.
I do it completely for my own sake.
And yet…
sometimes it tires me out. Why is that?
I should head home.
T… Tani-kun. are you heading home now?
It's late. isn't it?
I know my face must've
looked hideous just now!
There was committee work to be submitted.
Tani-kun. what way do you take home?
Out the gate and turn right.
Same!
No one's watching.
Tani-kun…
This is crazy!
Want to go part of the way home together?
My heart's gonna burst out of my chest!
So. Tani-kun. your house is this way too?
We've never ended up
together before. though.
Yeah.
Oh. I'm always running around
goofing off after school.
No wonder I never saw you.
And you have student council stuff
to do too. right?
Yeah.
And. um. we went to KingBurg
the other day.
and the burger was huge!
It didn't even fit in the bun.
The buns were basically
served on the side. you know?
I had no idea how to eat it!
Wait. Is this topic interesting at all?
Was it good?
Yeah! It was! Super good!
I know! Tani-kun. want to
grab one with me? Just kidding!
Sure.
What did he just say?
Is he just being polite?
Or matching the mood?
No. Tani-kun isn't that kind of person.
Find something…
Say something back to him. me!
It's no good!
My heart is pounding so hard!
I just can't!
BONK
SHOCK
Uh. um. I…
It can't be.
What is this?
A dream?
What? What do I do? Right now. I'm…
I'm certain my hand is
sweating like crazy.
My heartbeat is so loud
I can hear it pounding in my ears!
Am I dying?
Harasen's bangs look really weird.
They look really bad.
I THINK WE PROBABLY SAID SOMETHING
LIKE THIS - I'M THIS WAY…
I don't remember how…
OH! I'M GOING THE OTHER DIRECTION!
…I got home after that.
-TANI-KUN. SEE YOU LATER!
-YEAH. LATER…
I'm ho--! Don't lie in the entryway!
GLOOM
Oh. Nii-chan.
FLAIL GYAAAAAAH
Creepy!
We… held hands.
Aren't you going to eat?
If you're not gonna eat. then gimme!
And…
he grabbed my hand!
This is crazy! This is crazy!
This is crazy!
How do I face everyone at school tomorrow?
My heart is racing so fast!
I'll never get to sleep!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
Shut up!
SNORE
ZZZZZZZZZZZZ…
Ow!
Owww…
Morning? You're kidding.
Wait. What time is it?
TMPTMPTMPTMPTMPTMPTMP
I didn't have any absences or tardies yet!
What?! Where is everyone?
EVERYONE
BROTHER. MOM. DAD
IT'S ALL RIGHT TO BE LATE SOMETIMES.
BUT MAKE SURE YOU EAT BREAKFAST. MOM
Mom!
And it's more like midday
than morning now.
BEING RIDICULOUSLY LATE
ACTUALLY RELAXES HER
I get the feeling
hurrying won't change anything.
Let's microwave this.
It's already lunchtime. but good morning!
Suzuki. it's rare for you to be late.
You could've just taken
the day off at this point.
But I want to do
our elective PE class. you know?
What a moron.
Oh. Suzuki! You're here!
Yeah! Sup!
Hey. are you and Tani dating?
Huh?
Gapacho said you two walked
home together yesterday.
Who the heck is Gapacho?
It wasn't someone else?
Gapacho knows what he saw!
Not our concern.
Hey. hey. hang on. Yamada.
Right now.
we're in the "might be mutual.
but not yet confirmed" phase.
The most delicate phase of all!
It's not something
you can poke at for fun!
I'm playing for keeps here!
And. I mean…
-someone saw us.
-So?
Saw us where?
Oh. um…
It's not like that!
You know…
That's my seat.
Can I grab my notebook?
Oh. sorry. I'll move.
It's fine. We go somewhere else
next period.
R… Right.
It couldn't be worse.
The body breaks down carbohydrates.
and blood sugar levels rise.
He heard me denying it.
It was so beyond rude!
You have it all wrong!
I didn't mean to say it like that!
Tani-kun. I'm so sorry…
No. no. no! I could never!
But I want to apologize ASAP!
What do I do?
I hope Tani-kun
doesn't feel awful right now.
I hate this.
Suzuki. you haven't picked up
any of the shuttles!
Just pick 'em up with your hands!
ANGST ANGST
Oh. why am I always so…
Sorry. Suzuki!
Talk.
I have to talk to him!
Hurry up and explain
this misunderstanding!
But… here?
Here. where everyone else is?
Suzuki-san.
BA-DUMP
T… Tani-ku…
Please forget what happened yesterday.
I'm sorry.
Come on. Suzuki!
This popcorn coupon expires today!
Hey. weren't you just talking to Tani-kun?
You really do get along. huh?
Suzuki?
You too?
Do it again! Do it again!
I…
am in love with Tani-kun.
What?
It's a one-sided love.
And yesterday… I invited him
to walk home with me.
Is that… wrong somehow?
SO LOUD…
What? You should've told me!
Anyone would think
you just met up on the way home!
Who would think it
was a serious situation?!
Huh? Hang on.
I feel like I said
something majorly insensitive at lunch.
You're always insensitive.
So. Tani-kun already left. Is that okay?
It's not okay!
You might make it if you run!
This is major. Suzuki! Go get 'em!
Don't worry about the popcorn!
-Sorry! I really don't care!
-Hey!
Run. Suzuki! Show us speed
that won't shame your name!
You're a Suzuki. right?
SLOW
How slow can you be?
-Hit 'im hard!
-Look ahead of you!
Go!
What's this?
Saying how I feel out loud…
was this easy to do?
I gave in to temptation.
NO USE REGRETTING IT NOW…
That's all I can say.
Suzuki-san sits next to me.
She always talks to me.
but she doesn't care about me personally.
It's just light banter.
Want to go part of the way home together?
That's what I thought. but…
Today…
I thought she might not come to school.
It's not like that!
Pretty soon. I grew used to
Suzuki-san talking to me.
A day without her…
Tani-kun!
…is just too quiet.
I love you!
T… Tani-kun. sorry that I pester you
with stupid stuff.
And I'm sorry for what I said
in front of everyone today!
I didn't know how to
talk to you. Tani-kun.
I was scared that everyone
would see how I felt.
I'm a really pathetic human being.
But…
Tani-kun. I want to spend
more time with you.
When you held my hand.
it made me so happy.
So happy that I couldn't
sleep last night and overslept.
I mean. it's sort of like.
"So you did sleep." right?
Suzuki-san.
I…
When you're not talking.
I don't know what to do.
That's the kind
of pathetic human being I am.
Would you… be all right with that?
That face you're making is so adorable!
Hey.
Well. I mean. it's just…
Isn't it obvious?
WAAAHHH
I feel like I've made you cry.
Well. that's because you actually did.
Mascara. was it? It'll come off. right?
You really were listening. weren't you?
This is crazy!
-Huh? Why? What caused it?
-My heart's all fluttery!
Oh. honestly!
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-